The potataoey app with raita was sensational
The size of my starter was miniature
My pork shoulder was extremely fatty
the drunken noodles were passable
The humus was without flavor
The Buddhist Delight was oily yet tasteless .
We ordered chicken korma and it tasted like NOT chicken in gravy .
The sauce was way too salty
it was superb
our meals were bland and lacking
The fried basil tasted like greasy fried something , but nothing substantive .
the food game out , my Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Biryani were mild at best
The trofie app was good portion and tasted great .
The breads are pretty decent
The pizza was extremely dry and tasteless unfortunately .
the Mai Tai was good
my friend noted as okay
the chickpea fries were good
Tonight 's pizza was sauceless
it was tasteless/watered down
The fish should be incredibly fresh
the rice was mushy
the texture was completely inconsistent
tuna is decent
The mussels were n't terrible
the flavor of the sauce was bland
Stewed Beef Massaman and the Seafood Kamikaze entrees were good as well , but not great
it was not remarkable either
the main entree was amazing
Fried potatoes were creamy inside and good Tomato and corn salad , tomatos were nothing special for mid august
the salads are pre-made
the chicken pakora just tasted like fried chicken strips
the spicy tuna was DRY
the roasted garlic puree it sat on was delicious
The portions were normal
It was not spicy
The duck was a little dry .
the chicken was disgusting
the naan was good
the food has really gone downhill
The Empanadas Verde used to be IMHO the best salad in Boston with impeccably balanced flavor and fresh greens .
Super crisp and crunchy , great dipping sauces , perfect perfect perfect .
I enjoyed the Aloo Chole potatoes and chickpeas .
The kebab was good but it was very dry .
The pad thai was dry and flavorless .
The portions are large but the food tastes really uninspired .
The sauce was finger licking good .
their lovely mac&amp;cheese was watered down .... all three times ! !... maybe their getting healthier ? ?
The clam chowder was watery and burnt
It was crispy and fresh and hot
The rice was overcooked
The madras chicken curry was okie
Spicy tuna and crunchy roll were good
the chicken potato curry puffs
The appetizer combo was pretty good
The tuna was fresh
The desserts were not good .
The bread was fine .
having green tea ice cream instead of vanilla
Steamed ginger salmon was moist
The miso soup base was ok
The cream cheese and salmon rolls are wonderful
Even the rice was flavorful .
The flavors are well balanced
It was so savory !
it was really smoky and tasty
The Moroccan Sandwich was good .
The sorbet was smooth and the mango flavor was lovely .
The fried yucca is dry
The broth was spicier and heavier , and the fish itself was unremarkable .
The sandwich was totally delicious
Desserts were generous , rich , and flavorful .
the pakoras used in the dish were uninspiring
the fare hearty
The mussels had a wonderful saffron sauce
The chickpea fries were so good .
The pork was so succulent .
The eggplant vegetarian dish and the spicy garbanzo bean vegetarian dish was delicious .
The romaine lettuce was evenly coated .
The Dabo was good
The fries were delectable ... crispy and perfectly salted .
The datiles balanced sweet , salty , smoky , soft , crunchy and crispy perfectly .
The trio of pastas was wonderful as well
The meat was n't too fatty
the tomyum was good
The sauce with my molai kofta was perfect
I really enjoyed the tomato salad - the cheese , tomato and basil oil were paired perfectly .
The prices are so modest too
the biryani at Mela is fresh and flavorful
I 've never had tofu this good
The arepas sandwiches are excellent
it was the strongest pina colada I had ever drank
The Spinach Roti went perfectly with our meal
The burger was solid .
it was freaking delicious
The soup is creamy and rich
The spices accompanied the cauliflower quite well .
The sangria was yummy
The sauces that come with are all pretty good too .
Creamy artichoke risotto with asiago cheese and tomato confit is sublime .
the chicken was overdone
all of the vegetarian entrees tasted
it was d-i-v-i-n-e
I ordered the pasta dish and it was sooo good !
the greens are often overcooked
The dipping sauces for the calamari and the naan were both yummy .
The vegetable risotto changes .
My table ordered the Chili Cheese Fries for about $ 6
The gumbo is spicy
they somehow tasted like herbal creamy riceball
The bread on the table was great too !
The fries were good
The aloo naan was perhaps the best I 've ever had
The beer selection is excellent including Brooklyn Brown ale .
The pork trio was RIDIC
The spicy dishes are spicy and the non spicy dishes are n't !
the dipping sauce accompanying it is flavorful
Get the dragon roll with brown rice .
I thought they were great and not too salty .
The fried chicken , fried fish , and BBQ ribs are all phenomenal .
The arancini stuffed with prosciutto and fontina - delicious
My lentil soup was extremely flavorful and thick
The mashed potatoes were standard
my Tuscan tomato bread soup was n't bad
The French toast was amazing .
the juicy beef awesome perfectly
The steak salad looked tasty .
The Boston cream pie had a good balance of custard cream and chocolate .
The banana pudding was DELICIOUS
yes the portions are huge
It was the most tender delicious chicken I 've had in many moons .
My appetizer I ordered these Buffalo Chicken Taquitos which were unique and delicious .
The grilled chicken was tender and well seasoned
The tapioca pearls are strangely oversweetened .
Delicious food and atmosphere Tuna tartar appetizer and roasted heirloom tomato soup was great
Lots of flavor , decent sized portion .
Flan was amazing
it was quite juicy
The yogurt sauce was good
Eggplant pizza lacked flavoring . .
the Pho pretty good and decent overall
the pasta was tough
My torched sushi tasted rather bland
I had fresh spring rolls for an appetizer which was good .
the cocktails are all really unique and delicious
The cucumber martini and the special martini with Absolut Boston and Sake are amazing .
the greens were my favorite
The portion is good
The eggs were fluffy and not overcooked .
the ice cream had too much vanilla bean flavor
The omelet was only okay
The burger was very yummy
The meats were seasoned and cooked perfectly
The crust is AWESOME - thin and crispy
The menu is vegetarian and there are several options including an Egg and Eggplant sandwich , Soy BLT , BBQ Seitan and my absolute fave- the Chickpea Fritter .
Best scallion pancake I 've ever had since dining in Boston , San Francisco , and LA . Multi-layered , thin layers , and crispy .
The dressing was very good .
The sandwich was made and pressed well
The butternut squash raviolis with asparagus is my all time favorite !
The bread can stand up on its own .
The quality of the teas is good
the pastry was too thick
The salsa was mediocre at best
the chips are kind of greasy
The margaritas were good and so were the chips and salsa .
They 're crispier and the ricotta was delish !
The salmon was excellent
the lingering flavor was so yummy
The entrees are sizable
it was phenomenal
it was just too mushy
all the meats are good
the oil was n't fresh
The cheeses were good .
The Prosciutto Eggs Benedict were fanTAStic !
The " pan-seared " tuna was overcooked
Warm , salty tortilla chips and fresh salsa are never ending !
The lettuce was wilted
it did my grilled cheese sandwich was a little gross
The chocolate mousse and chocolate covered ones are also REALLY good .
it was almost inedible
The fry of the day was a fish taco which was delectable .
Vegetable sides were very good .
Their Molten Chocolate Cake is the real deal .
My potato 's were lacking cheese
The meat is good quality , freshly sliced , tasty and moist .
The burger was tasty
BBQ . Pulled pork is dry
the bolognaise sauce was watered down Prego
the chicken was a tad dry
Homemade fusilli was awesome too .
to create a rich and sinfully delectable broth
The bread was soft
The burgers were very good
Their catfish dish approaches perfection
The menu has plenty of options and everything tasted so fresh !
It tasted fresh and flavorful with lots clams .
they 've got the good pour technique down solid
was surprisingly delicious
The heaviness and creaminess was indeed comforting
the frosting was unpleasant
-The pork schnitzel was juicy and delicious .
The fried cheese with honey and chutney is pure decadence and the octopus , while probably bought frozen , was flavored well .
The muenster cheese is perfect
The meal was very expensive and incredibly bland .
Some of the best mac &amp; cheese I 've ever tasted .
The filling was mediocre
I recommend the tuna burgers - juicy and delicious .
the chicken tikka masala was horrible
they are very flavorful
The sushi is the best I 've ever had .
itself was just plain dry
the salsa was kind of , bland
Their soft shell crab is really quite good .
the lobster is so succulent
The daily soups are awesome
i felt were very boring
The sweet creme oozed on my tongue and I loved licking it off the spoon seductiively .
the chicken pakora just tasted like fried chicken strips
The prices are soooo reasonable
I had a seafood pasta dish which tasted so fresh .
The fruit was super fresh
The meat was was dry as Jack Link 's beef jerky !
Everything tasted amazingly fresh
the tea selection is extensive
Try the chili verde , it 's amazing .
got the pan roasted chicken which she said was very good
the tomatoes tasted local and fresh
The squid appetizer was eh
it was a pretty good sandwich
The veggies are properly undercooked
the topping selection is good
it was completely satiable
The Khao Nar Ped was pretty good
juice ! ! ! Thirst quenching and mouth drooling
The crabcake app was awesome
more spice is needed
the house wine was pretty good
The fries were great .
Mike 's was disgusting
the prosciutto is so good
the brie was sparse
The ha gow was delicious and quite large .
Cobb Salad is also good
The hummous appetizer is excellent and comes with pita , pita chips and roasted vegetables .
The frosting was appropriately chocolatey and texture was smooth not grainy .
the texture was soft
I thought it was not meaty enough and was bony
it was fabulous
the shortcake was a bit hard
The texture was too smooth
The sesame bun thingies with the red bean paste were my favorite .
the end result was exciting
the roasted garlic puree it sat on was delicious
potatoes were also superb
The flavors were amazing
Fried artichoke appetizer , shrimp and grits appetizer , and the beet salad were all delicious .
The Coannoli was pretty good .
Muffins are pretty good .
The bread they put on the table was exceptional
he especially loved the red pepper that was stuffed with risotto
Oh the chicken was so tender and delicious
The cannoli was amazing .
the blackberry martinis were rich and tasty
Ehh ... I 've had better cheap bar food
there was hardly any chicken
Other dishes were pretty good , including a sharp scallop ceviche and seared tuna .
The pizza there is some of the best thin crust I 've ever had .
the portions are descent
The Dolmathes , which are stuffed grape leaves , were plump and lemony .
Obviously the homefries are the best ever
The rice was tasty .
The Cambodian dishes are flavorful
the texture of the cupcakes complemented the flavor combinations and met all our expectations
the wrapper has a great homemade texture
The fresh squeezed OJ was really good
were truly delicious
The figs were sweet
The fries are amazing and the portions are generous .
Very authentic good adventurous food .
And the drinks , my favorite is the Cherry Blossom .
the wine selection is extensive
The original yogurt was delicious , not too sweet .
My sushi and sashimi was moderately tasty
The food always smells good . .
it tasted fresh and indeed chewy
I really enjoyed their crust and what 's better than pizza
The shell was nice and crispy
it was easily the best hash I 've ever had
The only flavor was " salty " .
the pizza is so cheap. .
I had a Hefe beer which was a bit too honey tasting .
The coffee is good
The stir fry is great
it was incredibly good
the scallop ceviche special and tuna tartare ... the scallops were amazing
The chicken pho is also good
The toppings are very fresh
The escargot was absolutely fantastic .
the sauce was delicate and slightly acidic to complement the chicken
The trappings are rather mundane
they are all unremarkable
The avacado spread was tasty and I enjoyed the crunch of the green beens .
The kale was cooked perfectly and soaked up the delicious red currant sauce .
The scallops were fantastic and may have been the best I 've ever had ! Mashed potatoes came with my filet and were a little bland
the cucumbers crisp
I loved the puree and the mushrooms !
The rotis are stretchy deliciousness
The chicken was tasty and not overly breaded .
-The baguette crust was not crisp enough
The thick crust style pizzas are amazing
The mashed potatoes was the only dish I can say was really tasty .
The bread was nice and soft
the fries are always thin and crisp.
The risotto is tasty .
The flavors are always well balanced
the pizza was spectacular
The pizza is very good , calzones are excellent .
the pancake could hold its own ! )
the mushrooms were bleh
The bread tasted good
My friend 's chicken was so dry it was inedible .
The burger was a perfect medium rare (yay ! )
The broth is yummy
my favorites were the pork and scallops
Sweet potato fries are delish
The shellfish were fresh and good .
The drinks are a definite hit - strong and flavorful .
Their banana stuffed french toast is rich and delicious .
their sandwiches are incredible .
The rainbow roll was very basic and skimpy on the hamachi .
The breakfast meals are good .
The sweet potato fries are not that good
I ate my lobster first , which was perfect
The pizzas are good .
the sandwiches and salads are awesome too
The bread pudding was good
i tried the large chicken noodle pho which was fine but could 've used more noodles
The chicken was juicy and tender .
The crust is just perfect : chewy and thin
They 're doughy , greasy and inexplicably delicious .
the crust was UNBELIEVEABLE
My entree was the Sea Bass with Fried Pita .
Their famous fling salad is also delicious .
My cheese omelet was so-so and greasy .
the wrap was fresh
And mmm the frozen yogurt .
The fries and aioli are outstanding
My blueberry pancakes had fresh delicious blueberries and the bacon was very good .
the sandwiches are simple and yummy
it 's just a great combination
The burgers smelled really good .
I both enjoyed the very tender and flavorful Turkey Portobello Meatloaf
The drinks and dessert were quite good though !
The cole slaw seems to suffer similar inconsistencies
The bread is homemade and delicious
The hubby 's meatloaf was pretty dry and terrible
The duck was decent
My favorites are the lobster roll and the fried clam plate ... always cooked to perfection and truly tasty .
Salads are pretty big , and chicken is grilled well .
taking my boyfriend 's steak and risotto that had the most amazing mushroom sauce
it was not unique
the tiramisu was amazing
The soy , scallion , BBQ , garlic &amp; pepper sauce was delicious on everything .
The pasta and broccoli heads lacked seasoning and were in a tasteless butter pool .
The pickle ( spicy chutney ) was amazing .
her salad looked good
overall , the toppings were creative and obviously of good quality
The buns on the other hand are great .
The two scoop dish was plentiful
I 've ordered both sweet and savory menu items , and all are delicious .
The Sesame Chicken is also good .
The fresh spring rolls and the crispy spring rolls are both good .
I agree the cake is a bit dry .
The curry sauce was bold and savory .
The drinks ( mine a Lotus Flower -- delicious ! ) were creative and yummy .
Tom yum soup was tasty .
the chocolate icing is delicious
my favorite is the pulled pork
The wrap was really good
it was still surprisingly crispy and pretty good tasting , and not that greasy
the texture was very artificial
The fish I got was fresh and flaky .
They are one of the best things I ever tasted and it 's interactive .
The beef was dry and tough
The pizza is very tasty .
the combination was great as well
The beer list is disappointing .
created the cucumber martini is a genius
the falafel was addictively crispy
the meat was moist and wonderfully flavorful
they enjoyed it tremendously
The food : sushi is good
The lemon drop was scary good .
The naan is good and the rice is perfect .
There was homemade tomato soup that looked good and Jess got the mac and cheese and it looked quite tasty .
it tasted like candy
The nachos are excellent .
the fig bread was chewy and tasty
The soup was incredibly bland
The iced tea is pretty darn good here
the meat was tender and soft
the tortillas are store-bought
The frosting was not overly sweet
The hummus platter was decent
The pork is always perfect
so disappointed that my mouth tasted like lychee perfume might taste
the drunken noodles are very spicey and full of flavor
the english burger is delicious , as is the spinach &amp; artichoke dip .
The thin crust pizza was quite tasty !
Their truffled pecorino risotto with preserved lemons , toasted pine nuts and asparagus was fantastic .
The color was amazing .
the stuffed eggplant satisfying
the pasta pillows were too al dente for me and not very flavorful
I ordered the pineapple shrimp and it was amazing .
The lavender in the chocolate lavender ice cream was n't overpowering and complemented the chocolate flavor .
their red curry is good
The chocolate was so rich and creamy .
It 's so rich and decadent .
The chowder was thick with clams .
Yesterday 's visit brought with it some tremendous iced tea as well as one delicious peanut butter muffincake covered in chocolate ganache .
The burritos and superburritos are my favorites
The cheese platters are also pretty tasty .
it was a decent burrito
Kaddo and it was delicious
the chicken was disgusting
The garlic Naan was okay , the garlic tasted a bit burned/bitter .
The meat was pretty good , not great , but good and the veggies i enjoyed .
My friend 's butternut squash soup was also good .
Yes ! Sticky Buns are Delish !
The Cannoli 's are pretty good
the mashed potatoes were so watered down
They are like perfectly seasoned fried mashed potatoes .
The Natiang appetizer and the Grouper were both very good .
Red flannel hash &amp; eggs were good
The dragon maki was the best .
options are uninspired
The salad was bland
The coffee is very good
Medium rare tasted amazing .
The chicken tikka masala was delicious
The margaritas were good
The scone was very good
the filet mignon was pretty amazing
The Middle East Downstairs is also pretty good .
The buttercream inside was decadent .
Basil was fresh and delicious .
L.A. The hot chocolate is really rich
The portion is big
The eggplant in spicy garlic sauce is super yummy
my friends greatly enjoyed their dishes as well
The banana pudding was very good .
the growing menu of unbelievably good breakfast/lunch/dinner sandwiches available
the tomatillo soup i had was absolutely disgusting
the vegetables were n't nearly as fresh
Hey , it tasted good !
The soups are delicious
The lobster was a little overcooked
collard greens are phenomenal
The much-lauded corn was good
the bagel was great
the soup was familiar and comfortable
they were absolutely incredible
Portions were large and very tasty .
The fry :condiment ratio is excellent
the crab cake was amazingly good
the Tuna Tartare is just that damn good
their shrimp dumpling noodle soup is completely delightful .
The bread was hard and dry
Even the bok choy with garlic was great
The avocado was my favorite , surprisingly
The toppings were piled on generously
the portions are very generous
The combination of the roasted pork , glazed ham , pickles , and Monterey Jack Cheese was perfect .
The duck was great , however
The rice was also soft
it was just as good as i remembered .
All the dishes were tasty
Their sandwiches are good .
My bf had chicken and chorizo etouffee and loved it and my dad had crawfish etouffee and said it was pretty good .
I ate RAW chicken .
their salads are wonderful
I had the plantain and tofu moqueca and as always it was delectable .
The pizza was very good .
The sauce on the pizza was good
it was nice and moist
the soaked top is super good
it was delicious : fresh chewy bagel , cream cheese , capers , red onion , tomato and some delicious smoked salmon
The sticky bun was good
The whimsical garnish of a caramelized peach provided sweetness to complement the rich meat .
it was extremely dry
The meat was cooked to a perfect medium-rare
outsides are crispy but melts immediately .
the cake was a bit dry
the avocado pieces were perfectly buttery
They all sounded so delicious .
The fried bananas at Pepper Sky 's are exquisite .
They were both very tender and delicious .
invigorating ginger lemonade
The Hummus was very tasty and the sliders were good as well .
The beer selection was good
the food tastes better with the fried option
The pastry selection is amazing !
The fruit always looks fresh and juicy
The Arancini were tasty
The fish however , broiled to perfection was just awesome .
I 've never had tofu this good
The only standout is the fried pickle appetizer .
the sandwiches are excellent
the french fries are also yummy
The breading has not much texture .
The roganjosh was bad too
the strawberry shortcake she got looked positively deelish
The tom yum soup was perfectly sour
The tandoori chicken manages to be moist and delightfully herby .
The fries were so crispy goood .
The new menu is very limited
The bartender was well-versed in gluten-free options
The curries are particularly nice
it basically tastes like general tso 's chicken and is delicious
Everything was ultra fresh
the veggies are fresh
It 's soooooo gooooooood .
the muffins are delicious
The best dish on the menu is the Malai Kofta - delicious !
it was fun to make my own lettuce rolls
The naan was hot and fresh
The beef was good
The lattes are good .
Some meat was too dry
the eggs Benedict was good too
the salsa 's bland
Cornwall 's fries are way thicker and yummier
